really sorry! im a bit hard to contact unless im expecting to be contacted.

pitch: graduated from college in 2014, worked in forestry, travelling, freelancing

why google: big company lots of different interesting opportunities, esp because i enjoy thinking about algorithms. freelance = much smaller scale problems
			also, get to work with a team. working alone means you learn less and have less people to bounce ideas off of. also a bit lonely

recent projects: tesselate, game, cognitive edge, acte, tenminutedungeon, gameoflife
websockets, react, angular, elm, flask, netbeans,
interested in lots of things, love learning, think google would have interesting opportunities

less recent hardware projects: robotics, making kits for people to make custom medical devices - arduino

strength: hardworking and task oriented, creative, love trying/learning new things/flexible
weakness: lack of expertise in a specific thing: my background is a mix between math, ee, cs, and wilderness

problem encountered: 
-board generation being slow
-solution: instead of using arays of arrays which in elm is implemented with rbb trees, used flat array
still too slow,
memoized
still too slow,
changed elm native arrays to compile differently for equality testing.

took risk and failed: 


ask questions: 
what is a typical day working at google like
what are you favorite and least favorite things about working at google
how does google train their new hires in the technology they use


describe a cool recent project: tesselate in elm - i made it because i love escher and have made many escher like paintings. hand drawing is hard and designing shapes is harder. I'm also really interested in wallpaper groups.
works as just a static webpage. you can drag edges around to make shapes and it automatically tiles the figures and links the right edges together so that a change in one edge means a change in another edge. works by each shape being a regular tesselatable polygon with each side being a list of points. sides are linked together in a tesselation and the symetry groups are applied to create a tesselation pattern.


							

NLP
Most Challenging: Many research papers that required in depth prior knowledge about NLP and machine learning.
What You Learned: scraping, regex, databases
Most Interesting: testing different theories for storing meaning of words and identifying context
Hardest Bug: not really a bug, but I was not familiar with a lot of the machine learning approaches at the time and had to reinvent hacky replacements.
Enjoyed Most: freedom to try many approaches, explore many research topics, and focus on a portion I was interested in
Conflicts with Teammates: I was hired half way through freshman year and our supervisor expected us to manually enter relations and definitions of words. I thought the process was tedious and built a tool to automate it.

Tesselate
Most Challenging: using mouse signal in Elm to create drag effect
What You Learned: more elm, got more familiar with wallpaper patterns
Most Interesting: thinking about the symetries of polygon tesselations
Hardest Bug: using mouse signal in Elm to create drag effect
Enjoyed Most: making art from generated tesselations
Conflicts with Teammates: no teamates

game
Most Challenging: developing a scheme for multiuser capabilities and implementing it in flask
What You Learned: how to create a full stack project
Most Interesting: designing the board game engine to allow for a large variety of gridded board based games
Hardest Bug: flask-socketio
Enjoyed Most: being able to play variants of games that are hard to find on the internet using something i made
Conflicts with Teammates: none

pov
Most Challenging: finding components that are fast enough, getting sensor with enough accuracy and resolution, reducing power consumption
What You Learned: making and designing the entire system
Most Interesting: high speed reading data/ how to store the data so that it uses very little space and can be read out fast enough to produce a nice result
Hardest Bug: bad soldering job/noise from how I routed the wires
Enjoyed Most: riding around with the coolest stationary display pov bike wheel in town.
Conflicts with Teammates: no teamates

